The is a list of TODOs for the kmatching project. As each is 
accomplished, please add a DONE comment, explaining what was done.
I will read it and then delete. If there is still more to do,
I will relabel it as undone.


3) Test cases for kmatch. (Several of these will require adding code 
that catches the problem.)  Ideally, most of these test cases will use a 
small hand-made data set of just 3 or so observations. I am especially 
interested in test cases that cause warnings and errors to be created.

a) DONE?. A warning should be issued when any weight.var observation is missing. The correct behavior is to then not use that observation in any of the matches. But we always return a matrix with the same number of rows as the input x. Please add more comments in the test case explaining exactly what is going on.
---- a warning is now given noting the number of entries missing and the name
---- of the weight var column. Comments are in test_bad_input.R. 

b) DONE? A warning should be issued when any match.var observation is missing. (All warnings should make it clear what is missing, both in terms of number of observations and in terms of which variable.) Again, the behavior is that any such observation is not given a positive weight in any match set. Please add more comments in the test case explaining exactly what is going on.
---- a warning is now given noting the number of entries missing and the name
---- of the match var column. Comments are in test_bad_input.R

c) DONE A warning should be issued when there is only one solution that matches the constraints. When that happens, the return value should be a matrix with just one column (that single solution) even if n is greater than 1. A simple test case for this would be three observations with two constraints, but you need to make sure that those two constraints generate a solution in the space of all x >= 0.
---- this is in test_contraints

d) A error should be issued if there is no solution in x >= 0. A similar test 
case to the above should work for that. Graphically, this is the situation in 
which the two constraints (each of which is a line on the plane x + y + z = 1) meet 
at a single point, but that point is not in the positive orthant. In this case, a NULL is returned because there is no solution.
---- I don't know how to test if this is true

e) DONE. A different error (or warning?) is issued when there is no solution 
because there are more  constraints then there are degrees of freedom. 
(Note that this is different from d, I think.) To check this, we need 
to examine the dimensions of A. If it has more rows than columns, we 
get this error. Not sure about this. Note that in d), A has the same 
number of rows as  columns, but it is just that the single solution 
is not in the positive orthant.

f) DONE. Note that many of these test cases should be used twice: first as a 
test case for  kmatch, which means that the input needs to be a data 
frame, and, second, as an input  for hitandrun and/or mirror.

g) DONE FOR C. Several of these test cases, especially c) and d) above, should feature two 
versions, one for replace = TRUE and one for replace = FALSE. If we can't use 
observations with a positive weight.var then, obviously, we are going to have more 
trouble finding a solution then if we can. c) and d) as described above suggest 
replace = TRUE, but, obviously, we want to test the same things with 
replace = FALSE.

4) DONE. Change matching.rnw from Sweave to knitr. First step is to get the whole 
thing to actually work, creating a pdf. Once that is happening, make sure to 
check in that version and e-mail me a copy of the pdf. Feel free to simplify 
all the crazy formating in whatever way makes your life easier. Most/all of 
the special settings were a requirement of the journal that we submitted it to.


6) DONE. Add a data directory to matching.portfolios. This data directory should contain 
whatever data set (maybe just a single data frame) we need to get the package to work.

7) ANGEL: Figure 4 in the paper is wrong because the caption talks about a 
panel for "Other"  but the label of the panel seems to be "FRA". Also, 
the region captions should  be "United States", "Japan"  and so on, 
these full  names are both easier to understand  and (should) 
match the caption description.

8) Optional: Consider changing some of the graphics to ggplot. You do 
not have to do this, but it might make some things (like making 
label names be different that the actual factor values) easier. Angel 
might be well-prepared to work on some of these graphics improvements.

9) Split up hitandrun and mirror in the same way that I did 
kmatch. Notice how I took out constraint.equation from kmatch. Breaking 
functions into smaller chunks is a very good idea. It makes testing much easier.

10) IN PROGRESS\DONE. Add more error checking to hitandrun and mirror, as I did 
with kmatch. See how we now check to make sure that the input data 
makes sense? This is a good idea everywhere unless it generates too 
much of a hit to performance. (I like to think/hope that this isn't 
a problem since such checks just happen once, but I am not an expert 
in the use/structure of these functions.)

11) We need to think about how the results section of the paper should now
look. What do you think? Certainly we want to give a sense of how the sampling
works. Maybe so some mixing details? Certainly want a graph of portfolio
performance. We might have a phone conversation about this on Wednesday. With
luck, most of the above issues will be done by then.

12) Give citation to MatchIt package (use the paper that accompanies 
the MatchIt package on Gary King's web page) in the lalonde documentation.

Angel TODO:

1) Look over the hitandrun test cases in test_bad_input, specifically in "Missing entries are noted" and "Problems aren't overdetermined", (specifically the hitandrun cases). Duplicate these test cases for the mirror function, also make the error messages yourself. By the end you should have a test cases for mirror to make sure that it throws an error if there are NA's in A or b or if the number of rows of A is greater than the number of columns. You can find the error messages I made for hitandrun near the top of the function.

2) To test your knowledge of this stuff: Generate 3 lists of 100 numbers which sum to 1, every 
second one sums to .3, and every third sums to .5; x0 + x3 + x6 = .5; x0 + x2 = .3

3) In matching.portfolios, matching.rnw. Figure 4, the panel labels are FRA, GBR, JPN, USA. Change these to France, Great Brtiain, Japan, USA. 


4) Read matching paper

Learn Rcpp/Stan:
-go through RStan and RCpp tutorials
-go through GPU R programming tutorial
-write hitandrun/mirror in C++

Thursday:
-add example to kmatch w/plot
-change instances of Ax = b to Aw = b -- this will be hard because there are many references to just 'x'
-post example statement to rstan help
-find simple breaking case, lalonde, sample 50 rows, 1 match var, 100 samples

Basic parallel implementation:
Have each processor run several chains, combine chains in the end

-write direction finder (hitandrun) in C++
-Look at case with 50 stocks, 2 matching variables